hey guys technology speaks here is
another tutorial video so um this is a
request again as usual but I haven't had
a request in a long time so I haven't
made any videos I'll try to make more
videos now but I can't guarantee I will
um anyways so this is just a sound
problem and it happens to be uh with
really any ad you can really solve it on
any computer if you have it
um and what the problem was is that
randomly throughout the day the radio
and people would start talking and you
wouldn't even open anything or you
wouldn't even click anything and you
just couldn't get rid of it unless you
just muted the whole computer but now
you can get rid of it for good so I'm
going to show you how so you're going to
go over to your Start menu and click the
control panel pull this down and go to
hardware and sound ah adjust system
volume which is under sound and all you
have to do really is find a icon which
by the way that
oopsie
which looks like that without the green
play button if you're using Vista or XP
anyways or classic windows really sorry
but it should look like one of those
empty icon webpages Thanks yeah and what
you're going to do is you're going to
locate it and actually like know how
they have names managing like windows
sidebar iTunes Windows sounds um lots
other applications that and it'll have
just be a lowercase B underneath it and
that's the one you want to mute and to
mute for those of you who don't know is
that button so that's a tutorial it's
pretty sure it's pretty easy short and
sweet
so thanks for watching this technology
speaks join them for another how-to
video soon